Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello, how are you
Joshua Johnson: Doing all right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good. I'M BECCA
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice to meet you, Josh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so we're going to do. We're going to complete bio psychosocial
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's really it doesn't take very long. I just ask you some questions about your history, and that's just so that we can get to know your life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: First question is what brings you to bright heart.
Joshua Johnson: To heroin.
Joshua Johnson: So I'm trying to get clean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, you're going to engage in the map program.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Already. Yeah, good, good, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you tell me a little bit about your history with substances and what age were what age were you when you first used a substance what substance was it and how did it progress to now.
Joshua Johnson: I'm
Joshua Johnson: I stirred taking pills and it quickly turned into using heroin.
Joshua Johnson: And I got up to about
Joshua Johnson: I don't know, four and a half, five room today.
Joshua Johnson: I have you use, and I was occasionally use a method as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how long
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What age did you start using heroin.
Joshua Johnson: 16
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How do you know
Joshua Johnson: I'm 26 okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any other substances that you've struggled with.
Joshua Johnson: Math.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, same running concurrent with heroin. Yeah, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any pain issues, any physical issues.
Joshua Johnson: I'm just my teeth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you in the process of trying to get hooked up with a dentist. Yeah, okay, good, good, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, we talked about your substance use history. We talked about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Physical any past treatment substance abuse or mental health treatment.
Joshua Johnson: Um, I've been doing quite a few programs.
Joshua Johnson: For substance abuse.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Detox residential or outpatient
Residential
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you name some
Joshua Johnson: But teen challenge as her. She today's a new day recovery home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you graduate them or
Joshua Johnson: Yeah, graduated or three
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How long were you in teen challenge here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the other ones.
Joshua Johnson: Seven months and too much.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, you've got some good history Anya. Hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's a lot to work with their
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about any mental health diagnosis and
Joshua Johnson: Anxiety and depression.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, any past suicide attempts. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Struggle with suicide thoughts.
Joshua Johnson: No.
Okay, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Homicide attempts or thoughts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um, any history of self harm.
Joshua Johnson: No.
Eating disorder.
Joshua Johnson: No. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And can you tell me a little bit about your family unit growing up were your parents married your whole life, or did they separate. How many siblings do you have. And was there any kind of addiction or mental health and your family unit.
Joshua Johnson: Um, my parents are still married
Joshua Johnson: Growing up, they had addiction problems. I got one brother.
Joshua Johnson: My parents are clean now but uh
Joshua Johnson: They struggled for a long time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So they must be one of your biggest, biggest supporters
Joshua Johnson: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. Especially when they know the struggle is real, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, definitely. They know what you're going through.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any we ever been in the military know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past or present legal issues.
Joshua Johnson: Oh yeah, okay.
Joshua Johnson: Have a six misdemeanor charges other tool in the county and then a felony and like eat more misdemeanors out of Stanislaus County.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And are they pending or past
Ending
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Crime and that's from behaviors. When you were using. Yeah, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about any financial stressors for you right now.
Joshua Johnson: No. Okay, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you tell me a little bit about what school is like for you when you were in school.
Joshua Johnson: Um,
Joshua Johnson: I
Joshua Johnson: Used to get good grades and then I kind of quit Karen got in with the wrong crowd.
Joshua Johnson: I ended up finishing my GED.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That when
Joshua Johnson: He
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you roll up bullied in school, or did you have a learning disability or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anything like that.
Um,
Joshua Johnson: I was bullied in the beginning of high school and then
Joshua Johnson: I switched schools and that kind of stuff. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anything else about you that you think is important. We need to know
Joshua Johnson: Um, I don't think so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you planning on working with a therapist while you're engaged in the mat program for individual sessions.
Joshua Johnson: Yeah. That would be nice. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you tell me a little bit about what you would want to work on.
Joshua Johnson: Um,
Joshua Johnson: Definitely
Joshua Johnson: Trying to figure out, you know, we love prevention and why used in the first place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The great part about it is that you have all of this education under your belt and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just got to be able to find it and start applying it right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and I think that you've already started by reaching out for help and getting engaged in a map program. You know what I mean that's that's a huge
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Decision and, you know, so you've already made the these started making these changes. You know what I mean, to better your life. And so that's awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it's great. How many days. How many weeks or months. Do you have sober and I asked.
Joshua Johnson: Three days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome. Are you going to any have you been going to any kind of self help groups.
Joshua Johnson: Yeah, mostly
Joshua Johnson: Three or four times a week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You go to any or a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Both. Both.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you have a sponsor.
Joshua Johnson: Not yet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um, is that in your future plans or are you against the idea or
Joshua Johnson: It's my plans.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With all of this is going on as far as staying at your house. Are you struggling with being able to get to a meeting.
Joshua Johnson: And my parents actually render every young men and women. So we have a lot of meetings within the house.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you have recovery all around you. Yeah. Oh my gosh, you have got, like, you've got this whole extra layer of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Support that is just amazing, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you want to individual sessions, you want to work on relapse prevention and the goal would be to re identify your relapse process.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When it starts before you use
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: cognitive behavior therapy is another thing changing those thoughts in your head, identifying when your addiction, it's talking to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: DVD skills which really help us stay out of that ruminating state.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or staying in the past or staying in the future, you know, future driven
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So all of those things, you know, we can work on an individual
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Session and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm known to give homework.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, are you okay with that.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me what you. Is there anything personal that you do right now that helps you when you are stuck in your head or when you have those thoughts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To use
Joshua Johnson: The summer but Michelle, can you know track focus on now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You try to practice mindfulness
Joshua Johnson: What's that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You practice mindfulness
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And tell me, how do you do it.
Joshua Johnson: Just isolate myself and focus on what's going on here know what I've seen. What's an arm's reach.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And do you meditate or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do any kind of exercise or anything like that. It's
Joshua Johnson: Very low
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, what's your faith.
Joshua Johnson: Christian
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is this time, good for you, Josh.
Joshua Johnson: I'm a little later in the day would be better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, let me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Give me let me take a look at what I got on my schedule.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Give me one second. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what do you do, what have you been doing with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With your time. Are you working
Joshua Johnson: On the help of my mom and dad around the recovery homes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, that must be nice to be able to have work right there.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where is it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me walk me through one of your days.
Joshua Johnson: Um,
Joshua Johnson: I have trouble sleeping.
Joshua Johnson: Usually show only get a couple hours of sleep, but, uh,
Joshua Johnson: I
Joshua Johnson: Might get up. I help my mom and dad with a morning meetings and
Joshua Johnson: Bible study and help my dad out. But the guys house.
Joshua Johnson: There's usually always something to work on.
Joshua Johnson: And it takes up most of the day and then
Joshua Johnson: We have a meeting that night. We go to the meeting, and then a eat dinner blacks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You guys have family dinner.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. That's awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 2341234
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I have this 12 o'clock is the only thing, unless it's earlier.
Joshua Johnson: On like clockwork, then
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get it in there. So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what day is your group.
Joshua Johnson: On Wednesday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how do you like group.
Joshua Johnson: It, sir.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What doctor are you working with
Joshua Johnson: And then home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh guy. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, I put you on for next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that we can meet again and start working on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Working on some of the things that you would like to work on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To build your tool but box backup.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A lot of things, you'll say, hey, wait, I, I studied that, or I remember that from this treatment center. I remember that because we talked about that industry and center. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you come up with something specific that you really want information on or way different ways to handle things then bring it to the table next week when we meet and, you know, we will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Will research it and we'll walk through it together. And we'll build up your toolbox for continued recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. What's the longest time that you were able to stay sober after you went through those treatment centers.
Joshua Johnson: Um,
Joshua Johnson: Four weeks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A month 30 days.
Joshua Johnson: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you will pass that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What did you do different this time.
Joshua Johnson: I actually wanted to get clean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You had the desire to do something different. Yeah. Make sense and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How you've got a good sober support system and any issues with high anxiety.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you managing that
I'm
Joshua Johnson: Just like I was saying, you know, isolating and trying to focus on the here and now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, and maybe we can work on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll give it. I'll show you other different techniques that you can use to, you know, when your anxieties high but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Also the when we don't want to reach out to other people.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is when we desperately need to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So we'll work on that too. And, you know, kind of tour around different ideas and what that would look like for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To see if it's something that you're willing to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Practice a little bit. Okay. All right. Does that sound like a plan.
Joshua Johnson: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any questions for me.
Joshua Johnson: I don't take sure
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. Well, um, it was pretty painless on your bio psychosocial
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I will connect with you. You'll meet me here, same time, same place next week and we will be together for a full hour, and we are going to be really developing and working on strategies to help you stay sober. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, all right. Josh, I'm looking forward to working with you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You too. Okay. I will see you next week.
Joshua Johnson: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, bye.